								PENGUIN ANANDA 
							   LIFE'S AMAZING SECRETS 
   Gaur Gopal Das studied electrical engineering from the college of Engineering ,Pune . After a brief stint with Hewlett Packard ,he decided to live as a monk in an ashram in downtown Mumbai .
He has remained there for twenty-two years , learning the antiquity of ancient philosophy and the modernity of contemporary psychology ,to become a life coach to thousands in the city.
          Gaur Gopal Das has been travelling the world since 2005 , sharing the wisdom with corporate executives, universities and charities . In 2016 ,his global popularity exploded as he took his message 
online.With millions of views on his videos on Social media,he has now begun to lead a movement to help others achieve happiness and purpose in their lives.Now one of the most famous monks 
in the world ,Gaur GOpal Das holds the title of 'The Ideal Young Spiritual Guru',conferred upon him by the Indian Student Parliament, MIT Pune .
    
						          ADVANCE PRAISE FOR THE BOOK

   'Keeping balance in all situations is of outmost importance as it takes you to hapiness and completeness--that's why Gaur Gopal Das says in Life's Amazing Secrets,"Hapiness does not come
automatically." we have to choose to live with integrity and we have to choose live with balance. It is this balance that will make our journey through life smooth and effective. Life's Amazing 
Secrets is a refreshingly acesssible guide which can help man in conquering the daily battle and align him with his purpose in life's--Devendra Fadvanis ,chief minister of Maharastra.
	'Great work.Excellent style. Deep ,profound lessons on how to live with purpose and balance,brought out through an entertaining storyline and interesting anecdotes .Life's Amazing 
Secrets highlights the right human values and thus  can contribute to a stronger and better India'- Nitin Gadkari, Union minister for road transport and highways .  
				

		'Transforming lives through his inspiring words of wisdom--this is what Gaur Gopal Dasji has been doing as a leading modern-age speaker .His talks and numerous videos as a
life coach have been a possitive influence on people all over the world ,of all age groups and all walks of life . It is amazing how he connects with youngsters as well as the greatest of 
personalities in the same mannner . His simple and humurous talks guide us in our daily lives as he is able to explain the most complicated situations and give simple solutions to every
problem .I'm sure that this light-hearted ,conversational book called Life's Amazing Secrets will help one strike the right balance between work , releationships, society and spiritually'
----Heema Malini ,MP,actress and classical dancer.

			'In this increasingly complex world ,where placing trust in someone is a hazardous occupation , here comes a refreshingly simple yet effective guide to improving 
our livesand reducing stress .Gaur Gopal Dasji huge popularity is due to his walking the talk --and therein lies his success. This book is the natural result of decades of his personal and 
spiritual development ,which ,along with his uncanny knack of understanding human behaviour and a compassionate heart , leaves the reader feeling aware ,optimistic and introspective.A must 
read--Hrishikesh Mafatlal ,chairman , Mafatlal Group.  

		'I have to thew previlege of understanding the ancient epics from Gaur Gopal Das for over a decade . He has a deep knowledge and understanding of various epics, which he combines
with his appreciation of contemporary issues and examples . Thisa is a powerful combination which explain how the learning of these spiritual values can be lived in our lives today .And he has a great
sense of humour which allows us to remember the lessons . His teachings can be applied to all walks of life and at all stages in life'--Ajay Piramal , chairman ,Piramal Group.


				To my beloved mother , late father,grandmother and sister --your love remains the foundation of all I try to do !

										Acknowledgement    
 	 I offer my sincerest gratitude to His Divine Grace A.c. Bhaktivendanta Swami Srila Prabhupada , whose teachings have been the foundation of how I live my life.My own spiritual master
,Radhanath Swami, who has been my inspirartion and example in living a life of intigrity and good character , imparted these teachings to me . He not only encouraged me to write this book 
but also facilitated my stay at the peaceful Govardhan Ecovillage so that I could complete it without any distractions . My limitless thanks to him ! 